anybody that buys hummus needs to watch
this because it will taste fantastic and
it's going to taste much better than
what you buy at the supermarket right
little blender perfect for the job can
of drained chickpeas next up the lemon
juice lemon zest I'm just going to put
in a little bit of the lemon zester
right George get a little festive
worried about the zest of half a lemon I
don't think we need the the whole one
especially with a microplane because you
get an enormous amount of zest often
then we just roll that lemon just to
sort of break the segment's inside just
to release the juice I'm just going to
squeeze the juice of that lemon in
obviously just using that little sieve
because I don't want the hips in next up
half a clove of garlic and then this is
tahini this is organic tahini which is
beautiful and tahini is a ground sesame
seed so it's ground into a paste bit
like peanut butter
that's essentially what it is so I
normally put in a good spoonful of teeny
because I love the stuff and then a
little pinch of mild paprika a little
pinch of salt from George and then just
a bit of good extra virgin olive oil
just to get it started
so just get it going and then obviously
what you're doing is make it into a nice
paste so you can add a little bit more
oil it's probably going to be about half
a cup of oil to 3/4 of a cup by the time
you finish we want this to be a little
bit lighter for this dish so just a
splash of water and that will lighten it
up and make it nice and smooth
hmm yeah right isn't it how easy is that
so there's the hummus here to fall easy
to make and if you buy one of these
little babies just put a lid on and
chuck it in the fridge done